hello ladies and gentlemen and welcome
to my score building episode and if you
guys watched yesterday's pack opening
video you will have seen that I got the
Almighty inform matter he's one of the
more prestigious informs I'd say and I
was absolutely delighted I got him in
that livestream so I'm using some of the
players the coins and things like that
from that livestream I essentially
created in quotations a super team I
suppose I mean it's not incredibly
amazing I mean I do think it's a very
strong side and it's got a lot of high
rated players in it but I'm sure you
could probably someone out there
probably made a better team anyways but
I thought I thought I'd create this it's
more of a real madrid slash man city
hybrid but there's a couple other
players in there that aren't necessarily
from those clubs initially so um you got
like some master there who isn't from
either of those clubs but he is Spanish
so he fits into the squad nicely anyways
so I've gone for a goalkeeper Casillas
Casillas is it has a cat-like reflexes
he is so good in this game
in previous FIFA's you always had to
kind of rely on a slightly bigger
goalkeeper to stop in those stop those
finesse shots and that was Casillas as a
weakness in the last game you know his
his ability to stop weak shot weak shot
sorry of finish shots but now in this
game
finesse shots being very much toned down
they've kind of it just made it Casillas
an absolute monster anyways back three
are probably my favorite back three
center backs you know you got Pepe there
who's in the intercepting god you have a
Ramos who literally hit combined with
his strength and pace no one's really
gonna get past him he is really that
good and company who in air is unlikely
to lose any sort of battles so you know
that's a very solid back three and I'd
say so far my favorite back three I'm
just above company you have Garcia there
who recently moved from Benz Benfica
over to Minh City and he's actually I'd
say a slightly underrated center
defensive mid I know there are a few
mixed feelings on him some people love
him
some people hate him so it is a little
bit strange at the moment but for me
he's being a quality in center defensive
midfielder next to him is partner there
is Chevy Alonso and you guys might be
like Cal why don't you have him at a
center defensive midfield position and
there's your quick answer for that is
fortunately for me he's got enough
green links around him which makes him 9
chemistry a regardless of what his
position is so he's in sentiment but he
still gets that 9 chemistry then we have
Reynaldo at left mid and Reynaldo being
Ronaldo he is so good in this game again
very powerful but one thing I must say
is that you know in that left mid
position in a 3-5-2 formation I don't
find as though he you know he does that
much you know I think quoted he's a
little bit wasted and on the one of the
striker and this is the this is just the
two best strike partnerships I've ever
used
agüero there who is just agüero he is so
good he was back in FIFA 12 he was also
a very good striker but the combination
between him and Balotelli is literally
unstoppable
Balotelli took me by surprise just is so
much really a 70s re an 84 rated striker
to be able to do what he does he's got
great dribbling he's got one of the most
powerful shots I've used in the game and
he's pretty quick and he's really strong
so for me Balotelli is probably the star
of the team I'd say you know I just find
that he does things the best and I get a
little bit lucky there Balotelli when
the scissor kicking it and deflects off
his centre back and goes into the back
of the net so that was pretty lucky but
this team I have I haven't slightly
mixed feelings you know all in all it's
a very good team you know there's no
there's no way you can say this is a bad
team because just through the stats of
these players they are very good but I
don't feel as though I have that much
enjoyment using them and that might be
because you know I like to try out a
bunch of different types of players and
things but just in general I didn't find
myself having a lot of fun using this
team I mean I was beating a lot of
players but at times I was like these
players are feeling quite sluggish and
things were going my way a lot of the
times whereas if I use my Spanish non
rare side I find that I things tend to
go my way a lot more that I feel as
though the game plays a little bit
smoother and things just tend to tend to
feel a little bit more fun so that might
just be the way it is and how about that
for a goal what an absolute FIFA fail
that's why I put it in there just
because of that that the impact engine
failed hard on that guy and I really did
feel bad for him cuz I was to one off at
that point and you
he couldn't come back that I kind of
spoiled his chances of coming back and
if that didn't do it then Balotelli's
rock it into the back of the net
definitely sealed the win so yeah like I
was saying you know this team is an
expensive side it's a good side don't
get me wrong is a good side and how
about that from a shot from Rinaldo what
a god he is in this game but I just
don't find myself having that much
enjoyment using it and I don't know if
you guys will be able to understand what
sort of feeling I'm talking about but I
do have fun using other teams other than
just these sort of super teams I suppose
and a great cross that are from
Balotelli and agüero manages to head it
in now you guys may have been like Cal
you know there's been a lot of goals
from the likes of Balotelli but where's
the goals from agüero now the honest and
quick answer to that is I played a game
and agüero got all four goals in that
game and they were some absolute
screamers unfortunately me being the
dirt that I am I didn't record that game
I went over I looked over to go and save
that save the file and it wasn't even
recording so I was absolutely devastated
with that but better luck next time
hopefully but as you guys can see
Balotelli shrugged that defender off
like nothing and rockets it in the near
post up their zone quite a lot of near
post going goals going on and that's
probably where Balotelli does best you
know he does score a lot of New York
Post goals for me but that's it for
today's squad builder I hope you did
enjoy it and if you did enjoy it do let
me know in the comments because those
sort of comments are just awesome you
know what I mean so it'd be great if you
guys could just let me know what you
guys would like to see next on the squad
builder
what sort of teams you'd like to see me
build but I have a huge and a very
important question that I'd really
appreciate if you answered it on my
Facebook page there's a link to my
Facebook page in the description if you
could go onto that and vote on the poll
would you like to see my series starting
from scratch back it explains to you if
you don't know started from scratches it
explains to you on the poll what series
it is but if you go and just leave a
vote and obviously like the page if
you're over at it and I hope you guys
all have a fantastic day on your left
hand side is the pack opening from
yesterday and on your right hand side is
the career mode video from yesterday as
well I hope you guys all enjoyed this
video and I'll see you around bye-bye